John Cleese will be appearing on radio
two on Thursday evening in stars' and
extra which he'll be talking about his
latest film Rove which has received rave
notices as major jars flak in privates
on parade and that's on radio - Thursday
evening at 9:30
while his erstwhile colleague Michael
Palin returns to your screens tomorrow
night to talk about some of the strange
things he gets up to in his latest film
the missionary and that Sunday night 5
past 11:00 here on BBC one and not over
the weather forecast tomorrow the
Southwest will be rather cloudy with
rain or snow in places but elsewhere to
be fairly bright with some sunny
intervals most other parts of the
country will be dry again except for
some wintry showers near eastern coasts
it'll be a cold day and after widespread
frost overnight temperatures will reach
only 3 degrees centigrade to 5 degrees
centigrade generally that's 37 to 41
degrees Fahrenheit and that's the
weather forecast for tomorrow
well the time now is exactly 16 minutes
past midnight and with a reminder that
Radio 2 remains on the air throughout
the night for your entertainment may we
on bbc1 now wish you a peaceful night
and a good day tomorrow good night